MM-32227 - Update docs for saved messages (#4298)
mattermost/docs: source/help/getting-started/messaging-basics.rst

**Attach files** by dragging and dropping them into Mattermost or clicking
the attachment icon in the text input box.

> **Save messages for follow up** by clicking the **Save** icon next to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Save messages for follow up** using the **Save** icon next to the
```
